test: Add Dev Environment CR to appstudio tier template (#653)
codeready-toolchain/toolchain-e2e: testsupport/appstudio/api/v1alpha1/README.adoc

= HOW-TO

Copy content from:
- https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/application-api/blob/main/api/v1alpha1/environment_types.go

> - https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/application-api/blob/main/api/v1alpha1/snapshotenvironmentbinding_types.go

Reviewer: we don't use `snapshotenvironmentbinding_types.go`, right?
```suggestion
- https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/application-api/blob/main/api/v1alpha1/application_types.go
```

Author: https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/application-api/blob/main/api/v1alpha1/snapshotenvironmentbinding_types.go contains the definition for [EnvVarPair](https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/application-api/blob/main/api/v1alpha1/snapshotenvironmentbinding_types.go#L96-L103) which is used in [EnvironmentConfiguration](https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/application-api/blob/main/api/v1alpha1/environment_types.go#L112-L115)

Reviewer: ah ok, so you put everything into one file? I missed that :man_facepalming:

- https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/application-api/blob/main/api/v1alpha1/zz_generated.deepcopy.go

> and remove everything that is not related to the `Environment` type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and remove everything that is not related to the types: `Environment`, `Application`.
```
